# SoCoCoin

Sococoin is an Ethereum token that follows the
[ERC20](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-20.md) specification.

## Abstract

The SoCo (short for Socialement Compétents = Socially Competent) ecosystem aims
to push people comfortable with IT and the internet to help, in an autonomous
and decentralized way, users less aware of new technologies in general and the
internet in particular.

This was built in 3 days during the 2018 Pôle Emploi (French unemployment
services) hackaton, where 80 teams had to compete to find the best way to
help Pôle Emploi applicants to use their website
(https://www.pole-emploi.fr/accueil/).  
Our platform wasn't strongly linked with Pôle Emploi and could be used with
any website, just by important a JavaScript file (our socomodule).

## Ecosystem

[Socomodule](https://github.com/socialement-competents/socomodule)
is a non intrusive chat module ([Intercom](https://www.intercom.com/)-style)

[Socoperator](https://github.com/socialement-competents/socoperator)
is a web application used by operators (see below)

[Sococoin](https://github.com/socialement-competents/sococoin)
is the ERC20 Ethereum Token described in this repository

[Socoback](https://github.com/socialement-competents/socoback)
is the application back-end that allows communication between the other components

## Actors

**User**:
Someone that requires help using the website. He would click on the chat icon
available on the bottom right of the page, and be connected to the next available
operator.

**Operator**:
Someone comfortable with new technologies that will help, thanks to the
Socoperator platform, people in difficulty, by chat.

**Organisation**:
Company, public institution, NGO or even a single developer that uses the
socomodule on their website.

## Token reward

Tokens will be rewarded to operators after each help operation, according to
several criteria:
- duration of the intervention
- perception by the user (was the user satisfied?)
- type of help
- ...

## How it works

The organization installs the socomodule on its website, which will add
a non-intrusive chat module on each of the desired pages.

Users of this website will have the opportunity to open a conversation,
to ask for help (by sending a message in the chat).

All operators will see this new conversation appear: they will then have
the opportunity to assign it to themselves, simply by responding. A
conversation that is assigned to an operator is neither visible nor accessible
by other operators.

A single operator, with a single account, can interact with and help a user who
is on any web platform, while remaining on the same application, Socoperator.

## Targeted organisations

The Socially Competent Ecosystem focuses on public institutions. It is particularly
suitable for small organizations (small towns, boroughs...) and small businesses
that have neither the means nor the wish to have a dedicated IT support service.
Any company, NGO, institution or simple developer can include the Socomodule
integration on their website with a simple copy and paste
(see the [CodePen](https://codepen.io/tsauvajon/pen/JvmrEo) demo).

Examples of good use cases for end uses:
- Pôle emploi procedures
- Tax filing
- any other administrative procedure
- help using a website

## Available rewards

Earned SocoCoins could be sold or exchanged or redeemed for non-financial rewards.

A few examples:

Pôle emploi: free training, priviledged access to some job offers...  
Discount on public transports  
Discount on cultural events  

## Challenges

We have identified a number of challenges that will be taken into account when
building a production version of the application.

First, it will reward the best operators, promoting positive behavior and
reducing rewards for negative behavior. This will require in-depth study and
thinking, as it is easy to hijack a system that claims to be beneficial by not
"playing the game".

Indeed, fraud is possible: two accomplices can create an unlimited number of
conversations, and close them instantly to receive rewards without real world
added value. Several levers can be used to counter this problem: check, thanks
to AI/Machine learning, if the messages are generated by a human or a machine;
evaluate the duration of the intervention against similar problems; check the
timing of interventions for each operator; limit the number of simultaneous
conversations/number of conversations in a day...

Finally, we should give organisations the opportunity to certify operators by
themselves. In the case of Pôle Emploi, for example, Pôle Emploi should have the
possibility to authorize, or not, an operator to help users on their platform.
Pôle Emploi could offer operator training that would provide access, on the
"Socoperator" platform, to help users of the Pôle Emploi website.

## Possible evolutions

Without going into details:

It would be possible to do a user facial expression analysis to determine his
satisfaction, and adapt the operator rewards accordingly. Possible technical
solution: trained TensorFlow model.

It would also be wise to store as much information as possible about problem
solving, and intelligently analyze recurring problems, operator performance,
and areas for improvement. Possible technical solution: a classic BigData stack
(Hadoop, MapReduce...).

Operators can easily be replaced by a ChatBot, in a technical point of view. The
rewards can then be omitted, or awarded to the ChatBot owners. Possible
technical solutions: decision tree ChatBot, ChatBot with an AI-driven model.

